Update 101-variables.md (#1592)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/109-golang/content/100-go-basics/101-variables.md

> # Variables in Go
> 
> Go provide multiple ways to declare and use variables :
> 
> - The standard way to declare varibales in go is to use `var` keyword then provide the variable name and its type next to it , 
> - Go provide **type inference** so you dont have to expilicitly provide variable types unless you have to 
> - You can create and asign varibales in a compact syntax
> - varibales can be created in different ways
>     - single 
>     - compound 
>     - in a block
> 
> 
> ```go
> // Single variable creation :
> var a = 3 
> var a int = 3  
> var a int 
> a = 3
> 
> 
> // Compound variables creation :
> var a, b, c, = 1, 3, "Hello"
> 
> // Block variables creation :
> var ( 
> 	a int = 1
>    	b string = "Hello"
> )
> 
> // Create and asign variables :
> a := 3
> a, b := 3, "Hello"
> 
> ```
> 
> 
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://gobyexample.com/variables'>Go by Example: Variables</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/go/go_variables.php'>w3schools Go variables</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: Please keep the details to just a few sentences and add links. We don't have to document all the details; it's just the list of resources.

```suggestion
# Variables in Go

Variable is the name given to a memory location to store a value of a specific [type](https://golangbot.com/types/). Go provides multiple ways to declare and use variables.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://go.dev/tour/basics/8'>Go Variables</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://gobyexample.com/variables'>Go by Example: Variables</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/go/go_variables.php'>w3schools Go variables</BadgeLink>
```
